README.md, before:

![Logo](https://github.com/phax/phoss-smp/blob/master/docs/logo/phoss-smp-272-100.png)

[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.helger/phoss-smp-parent-pom/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.helger/phoss-smp-parent-pom) 

phoss SMP is a complete SMP server that supports both the Peppol SMP 1.x specification as well as the OASIS BDXR SMP 1.0 and 2.0 specifications.
It comes with a management GUI and an XML, SQL or MongoDB backend for simplified operations.  

It was the first SMP to be [CEF eDelivery conformant](https://ec.europa.eu/digital-building-blocks/wikis/display/DIGITAL/OASIS+SMP+conformant+solutions).

This project is part of my Peppol solution stack. See https://github.com/phax/peppol for other components and libraries in that area.

Latest version: **[7.2.6](https://github.com/phax/phoss-smp/releases/tag/phoss-smp-parent-pom-7.2.6)** (2025-05-20).
See the special [Migrations guide](https://github.com/phax/phoss-smp/wiki/Migrations) for actions necessary on updates/version changes.

Docker containers can be found, depending on the backend you want to use:
* https://hub.docker.com/r/phelger/phoss-smp-xml/tags (same as https://hub.docker.com/r/phelger/smp/tags)
* https://hub.docker.com/r/phelger/phoss-smp-sql/tags
* https://hub.docker.com/r/phelger/phoss-smp-mongodb/tags

Please read the **[Wiki](https://github.com/phax/phoss-smp/wiki)** for a detailed description, configuration reference and setup hints. It contains an introduction with screenshots, configuration, building and running instructions as well as [News and noteworthy](https://github.com/phax/phoss-smp/wiki/News-and-noteworthy).

For a quick start guide to setup an SMP for Peppol: see also the step by step tutorial in https://github.com/phax/phoss-smp/tree/master/docs

If you like (and use) this SMP it is highly appreciated if you could star this project on GitHub - thanks

---

My personal [Coding Styleguide](https://github.com/phax/meta/blob/master/CodingStyleguide.md) |
It is appreciated if you star the GitHub project if you like it.

Commit message:

Initial commit: eHealth SMP fork with MongoDB Atlas integration
- Updated README.md with eHealth deployment information
- Added comprehensive .gitignore for security
- Created Procfile for Heroku deployment
- Added Docker and Heroku configuration files
- Configured for OASIS BDXR compliance

README.md, after:

![Logo](https://github.com/phax/phoss-smp/blob/master/docs/logo/phoss-smp-272-100.png)

[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.helger/phoss-smp-parent-pom/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.helger/phoss-smp-parent-pom) 

# phoss SMP - eHealth Deployment Fork

This is a customized fork of phoss SMP configured for eHealth National Contact Point integration with MongoDB backend.

## Original Project

This project is based on [phoss SMP](https://github.com/phax/phoss-smp) by Philip Helger.

phoss SMP is a complete SMP server that supports both the Peppol SMP 1.x specification as well as the OASIS BDXR SMP 1.0 and 2.0 specifications. It comes with a management GUI and an XML, SQL or MongoDB backend for simplified operations.

## Key Modifications

- MongoDB Atlas cloud database integration
- OASIS BDXR API configuration for eHealth compliance
- Docker deployment ready
- Secure configuration management

## Documentation

For detailed setup and configuration, refer to the [original phoss SMP documentation](https://github.com/phax/phoss-smp/wiki).

## Deployment

This fork is optimized for cloud deployment with MongoDB Atlas backend and containerized environments.

## License & Attribution

This project maintains the same license as the original phoss SMP project.
Original work by Philip Helger - [phoss SMP on GitHub](https://github.com/phax/phoss-smp)
